Yeah, baby, Very Rare, Members Only, yeah, baby, yeah, baby
I'm with Ryan Santan in the motherfuckin' booth, yeah, baby
I got blood on my boots, baby, yeah, baby
Yeah, baby, throw that ass back on a tricycle, baby, yah (ayy)
Ronny J produced it

Fucked up, fucked up, fucked up, fucked up (yeah)
Fucked up, fucked up, fucked up, yeah (yeah, yeah, huh, ayy)
You done fucked up, you done fucked up (yeah)
You done fucked up, you done fucked up (yeah, bitch)
Fucked up, fucked up, fucked up, fucked up (yeah, bitch)
Fucked up, fucked up, fucked up, yeah (huh, yeah, bitch)
You done fucked up, you done fucked up (bitch, yeah)
You done fucked up, you done fucked up (yeah)

George W. Bush right on her pussy, yeah
Yeah, Curious George nigger looking boy, you so puss', yeah
Yeah, hit my line for the nigga dick, check my Twitter, yeah
Yeah, they call me Yung Dagger Dick, that's my handle, yeah
Yeah, she grab on my dick like a handle, hey
Lil bitch, I got on Jesus sandals, hey
X is an animal, mammal, hey
Lil bitch got the back of a camel
Pussy boy, you look like a Randall
Pussy boy, you look like a Daniel
Bitch, I'm known to get ghost, Danny Phantom
And if you throwing, through the pussy throw a tantrum, whoa

Ayy, fucked up, fucked up, fucked up, who, hey
Fucked up, fucked up, fucked up, you, hey
Pussy nigga know he done fucked up
Lame nigga better know his luck up
Pussy nigga know he fucked up
Lame nigga better know his luck up
Ayy, fucked up, fucked up, fucked up, who, hey
Fucked up, fucked up, fucked up, you, hey
Pussy nigga know he fucked up
Lame nigga better know his luck up
Pussy nigga know he fucked up
Lame nigga better know his luck up

Like it's Noah's Ark, that pussy wet, no water-park
She said drop that meat in me just like a shopping cart
Told me "Head straight to the back" just like I'm Rosa Parks
Walked up in the bank with pack that smell like donkey fart
RuneScape poison dagger, ayy
Fuck my conscience, I'll stab ya'
Ask that hoe what's vrackin
Slide up on a nigga like a care package
Bare in that pussy like Smokey
Chain swing like rodeo ropy
Diamonds so wet that they soapy
Watch them mingle like they do the hokey-pokey
Ayy yo' color diamonds humpty dumpty horror story
Feel like Dexter, got double-D's in my laboratory
Eat it with the sweet-sour sauce like six-piece sauce
Freedom; Fuck the cops, free Keke
Wreck a pussy nigga, come see me uh
Make him say goodbye like Ouija (Bye Bye!)


Round one, fight
Yuh! Yuh!
The Pharmacy
Uh-uh

Like a tongue, bitch I'm looking like a lick, uh-uh
Think I'm Thanos, rock diamond my fist, uh-uh
Entertainment with yo' bitch at night like Nick
Drake and Josh how we team your bitch, uh-uh (Esketit)
Michael Jackson one glove I hit, uh-huh
Crying in the club with my stick, uh-huh
Icky Vicky spit how I got slimes on deck (Slime)
Metal on me like they just flicked pic, uh-huh (Wet)
Two girls, two cups (Yuh!)
Know I had to level up ate a Mario mushroom quick, uh-huh
(Yuh! yuh!)
Know these niggas they be chickens like a nugget
They be just actors Denzel Washington, uh-huh
I'ma play the saddest song on the smallest violin (Haha!)
For the niggas that I'm scrappin', uh-huh (Uh, bitch!)
Maybe we could get along maybe we could be friends
In another fuckin' life my friend, uh-huh (Aye, yuh!)

Cut-throat, Cut-throat, Cut-throat
They be on my nuts though, nuts though, nuts though
'Cause I don't give a fuck hoe-fuck hoe-fuck hoe
I might be around squirrels cause a nigga is a nut, hoe

Uhm, got shit stacked
Yes I got the big in saturated fucking pig fat
I'm not skinny dippin', big trippin', bitch, big facts (Oh! Gosh damn)
Uh! Chief Keef that pussy, bang bang!
Pretty please don't act like me and you is the fucking same thing
Yes nigga, I switched the flow to 'em
But the docs came, came (Ayye! Aye-aye)
They try'na bite like a vampire fang (Gosh damn)
Diamonds bending water like the nigga Aang
Intelligence is only for the gentlemans
So tell the pussy niggas, "Yes, Trix for kids" (Uh-huh)
This a fact like a stubble cap tip (Straight up)
Lame niggas sayin' that they fuckin' demons
Though, wonder that they lost up in the sauce in this bitch
I ain't never did a false diety
Gimme power or do a damn thing for me, bitch
When I'm acting like a monster like Stitch
You be acting like a bitch, so I call you sis (Ay, ay, ay, ay)
Switcharoo your bitch, uh-huh
This is what I call an assist, uh-huh
Tell 'em this ain't that, and that ain't this
With a flick of my wrist, uh-huh, yuh! (UHH!)

Cut-throat, Cut-throat, Cut-throat (Uh! Bitch! Bitch!)
They be on my nuts though, nuts though, nuts though (UHH!)
'Cause I don't give a fuck hoe, fuck hoe, fuck hoe
(I don't give a fuck bitch!)
I might be around squirrels cause a nigga is a nut, hoe
(What! Yuh!)

Cut-throat, love it when they run, hoe (Uh, What!)
Knife on the AK, stab 'em with a gun hoe
Hoppin' in that mosh pit, I was try'na raise shit
It's a different day, it's like niggas on the same shit, I hate it
Rich like a white bitch, I should go blonde bitch
I put my dick up in your mom, bitch
You ain't on shit-dot-com, bitch
Desert Eagle, take his head off, make it fly like a comet
Glizzy crack your ass like Soulja Boy, screamin', "Yah, bitch!"
Wanna fuck a nigga bitch, uh-huh (What else?)
Grant a bullet like a wish, uh-huh (What else?)
DRose when I drive to the paint, with a foul, Im'ma still get a swish uh-huh (Uh!)
What the fuck bro!?
You ain't try'na fuck, get the fuck out my spot, hoe
'Fore your ass get kicked out like a doctor (Woah!)

Cut-throat, Cut-throat, Cut-throat
They be on my nuts though, nuts though, nuts though
(Uh! Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!)
Cause I don't give a fuck hoe, fuck hoe, fuck hoe
(What!? No! I don't give a fuck!)
I might be around squirrels cause a nigga is a nut, hoe
(A nut like woah! Yuh!)

Yeah, water!
Uh, pipe me up, pour me up, fuck nigga
Huh, uh, in between, ay-aye, uh
AYE-AYE, CUT-THROAT!


Uh, it's the motor
Huh, huh
Push start then I float her!
Huh, okay, uh-huh
What're you doing?
Uh-huh, uh-huh
Water!

I said, hi! Good afternoon
My name is Ski, and I'm higher than cow that jumped over the moon
Might be the coolest monkey in the jungle, but I'm not baboon
Like Nosferatu, vampire attire
What's on me, come with a tie and a suit
Uh-huh, uh-huh
Uh-huh, uh-huh
I want a Erykah Badu, uh-huh
Wet as a bayou, uh-huh
Damn, that pussy knocked me out like it was a uppercut from Ryu, (Hadouken!) uh-huh
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
Pussy nigga thought I lost my sauce, it's forever like a tattoo
I feel like the Packers logo, I'm a G
These niggas be feeling cap, like knees
Fuck it, I'ma be the knees of bumblebees
Your mother is teaching me the birds and bees
John Cena arena, you can't see me
I'ma bend that bitch like the letter C
Air Force 1 with the flow, no crease
Wish a nigga would, like he planting him a tree

Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
I'm off Hennessy, uh-huh
That shirt made from sheep, uh-huh
That bitch had me sleep, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
She gon' suck my meat, uh-huh
She suck me to sleep, uh-huh
She my freak-a-leak, uh-huh
That shirt made from sheep, uh-huh
That witch had me sleep, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
She gon' suck my meat, uh-huh
She suck me to sleep, uh-huh
She my freak-a-leak, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh (I must've)

Yuh
Michael Myers, I'm trying to kill that pussy
Sesame Street, I'm a monster for that cookie (mmm, munch)
Lotta gang shit going on, but I'm not Boonk Gang (Boonk Gang!)
Suit ming, gonna give me happy ending
I said, finish an enemy, I will get rid of him
What is the minimum, maximum (maximum)
I used to trap and shit, now I be K.O
And he selling packs and be taxing 'em (taxing 'em)
Stack up them, racks up until they hit the top
Off with them vitamins, need good health to get the guap
Sauce never dry, can't tell a lie, 'cause a nigga be the truth
Baby food, airplane spoon, how she open
That mouth through the dick tube
I mean soon, I mean in the noon, acting like a coon
Looney Tunes, when I'm with my goons
Higher than the moon

Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
I'm off Hennessy, uh-huh
That shirt made from sheep, uh-huh
That bitch had me sleep, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
She gon' suck my meat, uh-huh
She suck me to sleep, uh-huh
She my freak-a-leak, uh-huh
That shirt made from sheep, uh-huh
That bitch had me sleep, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
She gon' suck my meat, uh-huh
She suck me to sleep, uh-huh
She my freak-a-leak, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh


Hahaha, ay
Our haters not gonna like us for this one (yuh yuh yuh)
They really not gon' like us for this one (aye)
Hey, tell all these industry niggas, "suck my dick"
Two times, (water) three times, four times
And if you listenin' to this shit and you don't like me (wet, flex)
Eat my ass (yuh)

Posted with that pump
Relay with that pump
He stay with that pump
You fuck niggas punks
Revenge on my body
He wanna meet my shotty
Not talking about my bitch
I'm talking big guns, yes big body
My dick not impressed
My dick anorexic
My gun got dyslexia
That mean I shoot backwoods, backwards
What's up with these questions
These fuckboys detectives
Fuck my codefendant
If he talk to the feds, Ash Ketchum
Wash out your pussy, your shit stank, boy
Puss, like I'm Tosh 2.0, watch boy
Thot, suck on my dick like a damn lollipop, boy
Stop talking about things that you know you are not, boy

Diamonds just might shine like Skittles
Diamonds white like Malcolm in the Middle
Diamonds just might shine like Skittles
Diamonds white like Malcolm in the-
Diamonds just might shine like Skittles
Diamonds white like Malcolm in the Middle
Diamonds just might shine like Skittles
Diamonds just might shine like ay, ay, ay, ay

My dick unimpressed
You take Xans that's pressed
My shirt striped like Ness
Flash them titties at me like the press
Speaking like I'm Hurricane Chris
Pull up on your momma I say "A Bay Bay"
Like a wild ape
I'm beating on my chest when I see the pussy if they ain't coming
Bitch off the rip
Just like a baby she just gon' take it from the tip
I just "Swiper, no swiping" that pussy 'cause I dip
Walked up in the division like "are you tryna pull?"
And there's no nigga that I fear
Got the horror of a spear
Got to be kidding me, made me giggle like tickle me
You said this nigga envy me
Bitch you shaped like a centipede
And my songs long as centuries
Bitch I must have to pull the.45 on my hip
I just let her cum on my dick
Arthritis wrist on sick
Cut my diamonds then get blisters
Blood diamond, ratchet ass bitch
She done sucked my dick and then you kissed her
You just might just throw a bitch fit
Bend it with me cause the metal on my hip
Four-five bust like zit